OSDOCS-7633: add storage migrator release note (#65750)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-14-release-notes.adoc

[id="microshift-4-14-storage"]
=== Storage

> With this release, the Migrator Controller embedded in {product-title} is used to update stored data to the latest storage version. You can update data without having to recreate custom resources (CRs). See xref:../microshift_storage/microshift-storage-migration.adoc#microshift-storage-migration[Storage migration using the Kube Storage Version Migrator] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this release, the Migrator Controller embedded in {product-title} is used to update stored data to the latest storage version. You can update data without recreating custom resources (CRs). See xref:../microshift_storage/microshift-storage-migration.adoc#microshift-storage-migration[Storage migration using the Kube Storage Version Migrator] for details.
```
